# CS-250-SDLC
Week 8 Assignment
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Interpreting user needs involves communication. Listening to what the users are asking and determining what they are really asking for, since the users are not computer programmers, the Product Owner, Developer, Testers must take the general request and transform it into something systematically usable. Creating user stories helps to break the requests into its parts, smaller requirements and allows to prioritize the items based on both the user priorities and what is needed by the system to implement the request, such as the user asking for the ability to track a user preference, then they system needs first to be able to store the preferences.
/*nHow do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
To approach developing programs it is good to find a starting point and get a good idea of the vision of finished project from the business. Once you understand the vision, you can start the programming. Working as a team and communication can help to target the individual stories to be implemented. Daily Scrum helps to determine where everyone else is in the project and how to integrate the pieces so they can work together towards the final project. Also utilizing the testers for early and frequent testing can help to verify that not only is the code working, but that it doesn't negatively impact existing functionality.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?****
Being a good team member in software development means remembering to work as a team. To communicate clearly and frequently and to be available, both to help others and to receive help. Remember that your actions or inactions impacts others on the team. 
